docs/source/contrib/cache.md, before:

# Cache

`guillotina` provides out of the box cache configuration, it support in-memory and network cache with redis.

By default it does not provide any cache, if you want to use it you need to add different configurations:


## In Memory Cache

This option is recomendable when you have only one guillotina process running on the same DB.


### Configuration

```yaml
applications:
- guillotina.contrib.cache
```

## In Storage Cache (No invalidations)

This option is not recomended as they are not invalidating the memory objects.

Its needed to add `aioredis` as a dependency on your project

### Configuration

```yaml
applications:
- guillotina.contrib.redis
- guillotina.contrib.cache
cache:
- driver: guillotina.contrib.redis
```

## In Storage Cache

This option is the recomended one for more than one process running guillotina on the same DB.

Its needed to add `aioredis` as a dependency on your project

### Configuration

```yaml
applications:
- guillotina.contrib.redis
- guillotina.contrib.pubsub
- guillotina.contrib.cache
cache:
- driver: guillotina.contrib.redis
- updates_channel: guillotina
```

Commit message:

Be able to configure cache to not push pickles with invalidation data

docs/source/contrib/cache.md, after:

# Cache

`guillotina` provides out of the box cache configuration, it support in-memory and network cache with redis.

By default it does not provide any cache, if you want to use it you need to add different configurations:


## In Memory Cache

This option is recomendable when you have only one guillotina process running on the same DB.


### Configuration

```yaml
applications:
- guillotina.contrib.cache
```

## In Storage Cache (No invalidations)

This option is not recommended as they are not invalidating the memory objects.

Its needed to add `aioredis` as a dependency on your project

### Configuration

```yaml
applications:
- guillotina.contrib.redis
- guillotina.contrib.cache
cache:
  driver: guillotina.contrib.redis
```

## Redis Storage Cache

This option is the recommended one for more than one process running guillotina on the same DB.

Its needed to add `aioredis` as a dependency on your project

### Configuration

```yaml
applications:
- guillotina.contrib.redis
- guillotina.contrib.pubsub
- guillotina.contrib.cache
cache:
  driver: guillotina.contrib.redis
  updates_channel: guillotina
```


### In-memory with redis invalidations

Object invalidations are coordinated across Guillotina instances; however, pushing
object data into and out of redis can be heavy on redis. Sometimes, an in-memory
cache configuration but using redis only for pubsub invalidations provides the
best performance.

```yaml
applications:
- guillotina.contrib.redis
- guillotina.contrib.pubsub
- guillotina.contrib.cache
cache:
  driver:
  updates_channel: guillotina
  push: false
-
```
